Add troubleshooting for flutter screenshot integration background crash (#8421)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/flutter/troubleshooting.mdx

The `--split-debug-info` option requires setting an output directory. The directory must be an inner folder of the project's folder. See [Flutter docs](https://docs.flutter.dev/deployment/obfuscate#obfuscate-your-app) for more information.

Flutter's `build web` command requires setting the `--source-maps` parameter to generate source maps. See [Flutter GitHub Issue](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/72150#issuecomment-755541599) for more information.

## Screenshot Integration Background Crash

> There is a [Flutter issue](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dart/issues/1669) where apps can crash if taking screenshots in the background.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is an [issue with the Sentry Flutter SDK](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dart/issues/1669) where apps can crash if taking screenshots in the background.
```

> There is a [Flutter issue](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dart/issues/1669) where apps can crash if taking screenshots in the background. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is an [issue with the Sentry Flutter SDK](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dart/issues/1669) where apps can crash if taking screenshots in the background. 
```

This is an [issue](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/135245) with Flutter itself and should be fixed in [Flutter 3.15](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/labels/found%20in%20release%3A%203.15). 

> For prior versions, you can configure the SDK to only take screenshots when the app is in the `resumed` state. Set `SentryFlutterOptions.attachScreenshotOnlyWhenResumed` to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For prior versions, you can work around this by configuring the SDK only to take screenshots when the app is in the `resumed` state. To do this, set `SentryFlutterOptions.attachScreenshotOnlyWhenResumed` to `true`.
```
